Update upstream distro to latest main and adapt integration (#383)
elastic/elastic-otel-php: docs/reference/edot-php/supported-technologies.md

EDOT PHP automatically detects and generates spans for common operations like database queries or HTTP calls, even when no manual instrumentation is present.

### Attribute-based instrumentation

```{applies_to}
product:
  edot_php: ga 1.7.0
```

> EDOT PHP can automatically create spans from PHP 8 attributes (`#[WithSpan]`, `#[SpanAttribute]`) without writing instrumentation code manually. This feature is disabled by default; enable it by setting `OTEL_PHP_ATTR_HOOKS_ENABLED=true`. For details, see [Attribute-based instrumentation](attribute-instrumentation.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EDOT PHP can automatically create spans from PHP 8.1 attributes (`#[WithSpan]`, `#[SpanAttribute]`) without writing instrumentation code. This feature is deactivated by default; activate it by setting `OTEL_PHP_ATTR_HOOKS_ENABLED=true`. For details, refer to [Attribute-based instrumentation](attribute-instrumentation.md).
```

"manually" seems redundant.
